fix: storybook does not work (#838)
qlik-oss/nebula.js: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

  - `enigma-mocker`: Public JavaScript API which creates a mocked enigma app to renders visualizations without a connected Qlik engine
  - `snapshooter`: Public JavaScript API which captures rendered charts as images
  - `conversion`: [private] Provides conversion functionality to extensions with hyperCubes.

>   - `theme`: [private] Accesses/consumes the currently applied theme
>   - `locale`: [private] Handles translation string to generate all locales

Reviewer: works fine as is, could change to: 
```suggestion
  - `theme`: [private] Provides access and consumption of the currently applied theme
  - `locale`: [private] Handles translation strings and generates all locales
```

### Development workflow

- `yarn` installs all dependencies
- `yarn run build` generates UMD bundles for all packages and an ESM bundle for stardust
- `yarn run lint` checks code style

> - `yarn run format` formats code style

Reviewer: keep as is.
